---
layout: default
categories:
- insights
title: 
back-image: 
date: 2014-06-05

---
<div>
	<h2 class="col-md-12 vcenter"> <em>Creative Authentication.</em> </h2>
	<p class=" col-md-8 col-md-offset-2 justify">Creative Authentication addresses the meaning of “being creative” in the modern world ideology. Where everything is formulated to be a novelty, new products or new solutions are the valuable ones and similar ideas seem not to be worthy, creativity can be a potent tool if used as a strategy to challenge complex problems.</p>
</div>

<div>
	<p class=" col-md-8 col-md-offset-2 justify">The reason of designing around this topic is because creative people often have ideas that may or may not have potential, but before even trying to develop them, a validation of the idea’s originality seems to be mandatory.</p>

	<p class=" col-md-8 col-md-offset-2 justify"> My interest is in how the results of an Internet search has become the deciding factor in the value of ideas. The value of an idea decreases based on the number of results with similar features or aesthetic appearances. The internet as digital curator of ideas pushes artists, designers, creators, makers, and anyone with an interest in developing ideas, to constantly search for prior information or new ways of producing ideas. </p>

	<h2 class="col-md-12 vcenter"> <em>The Purpose.</em> </h2>

	<p class=" col-md-8 col-md-offset-2 vcenter">This project was conceived as response to the question of: <em>How creativity can be achieved? Is it a privilege that only a few have? Can it be developed as any other skill?</em> and more importantly, in the Internet era where everything is being posted online. <em>How can I develop and pursue a new idea?</em></p>

	<p class=" col-md-8 col-md-offset-2 justify"> I intend to demonstrate, through artistic expression, the potential for a creative process fed by critical feedback. Informed by art, design, and system thinking, the aim of the project is to visualize how creative people travel back-and-forth through a process of materialization and de-materialization of ideas; starting from the abstraction of the mind, moving to the physicality of our reality, and returning back to the abstraction of the Internet.</p>
</div>